Ye Xian, what nonsense are you talking about?
Don't ask again
Li Shaojie's jade Buddha statue is indeed fake
If you sell it to Boss Zhou
Something big must happen
Boss Zhou, what the hell is going on?
Lord Zhou, please take a seat first
When I get back, I'll talk about it first.
I specially found someone to identify this pregnant Buddha statue.
How can there be fake
I scolded your brother before
You mean to make trouble for me, right?
It's okay old iron
I only pointed it out for your own good
Now it seems
Only feed me
Either your Buddha statue was fake in the first place
Or it falls off
drop light
Who is this?
I don't know.
But this person must know
As soon as you eat, you have to sell this Buddha statue to the public
I want you out of the public
Did you know there is
No but say it all the way
The owner of the orchard store next door, the flight attendant
Has always been my competitor
He knew we were going to have a career with Boss Zhou
That's right.
So boss zhou
How about you help us with a play?
Take this fake Buddha statue out
It must be very important to believe that person.
Why should I help you solve it?
Lord Zhou, if my judgment is wrong
All the treasures of Ning Shangge
Whatever you want.
Ye Xian